Full Name:Chao Meng
Student Number:128438215
Seneca Email Address:cmeng14@myseneca.ca
Section Information Code:ZAA

Answer 1. Every time I submit the workshop, I basically get reported by the server with one error or another which is needed modified many times before it is exactly as requested. But then I thought about it and realized that although I was getting the same output as the workshop document locally, some of the formatting was probably not standardized and that is why I was getting all kinds of errors when submitting the workshop to the server. So, the process of submitting workshop to the server not only corrected our irregularities, but more importantly, exercised and developed my patience. I used to be an impatient and careless person, but I became cautious when I knew that I had to check my assignments carefully to avoid errors from the server as much as possible. Caution and patience are also basic requirements for programmers. And passing the server test successfully is the minimum expectation for the code, the next step should also be to simplify and improve the code to make it look more refined. All in all, this process of submitting files is very rewarding.

Answer 2.First, modules and libraries should be named in a concise manner, with names that are as meaningful and recognizable as possible, so that people will know roughly what the file does and what it does not do. This is the best practice to keep the name of the module/library header file and the source code file the same, and the functions declared in the header file are defined in the corresponding name of the source file, so that it is easy to find and modify the functions and other operations. For example, the functions defined in accountTicketUI.h in this workshop are defined in accountTicket.c. This makes it easy for me to check the definition or make changes when I call these functions.

Answer 3.Cascading menu system framework means that when a function is selected, the function has multiple options, i.e. one function corresponds to 2 or more sub-function options. In this workshop, for example, there are 4 functions in the menuAgent function module, they are (1. Add a new account; 2.Modify an existing account; 3) Remove an account; 4) List accounts: detailed view;) and 1 exit ( 0) Logout ) with 5 options, these 5 options can only appear when you enter the menuAgent function in the Account Ticketing System. Software development is very common, because it is not only very convenient but also can save the interface space, can make the user interface becomes simple and beautiful.